Update pages about links for content and for design (#314)
wpaccessibility/wp-a11y-docs: docs/topics/content/links/link-text.md

<figcaption>Descriptive, meaningful link text in the Apple VoiceOver link list.</figcaption>
</figure>

> Saar Twito explains the concept of a good link text comprehensive in [Descriptive Link Text: The Art of Clear Digital Signposting](https://www.greadme.com/blog/accessibility/how-to-write-descriptive-link-text-complete-guide).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Saar Twito comprehensively explains the concept of good link text in [Descriptive Link Text: The Art of Clear Digital Signposting](https://www.greadme.com/blog/accessibility/how-to-write-descriptive-link-text-complete-guide).
```

## Make links texts descriptive

> Avoid meaningless link text like: click here, download, info, more, here, this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid meaningless link text like: "click here", "download", "info", "more", "here", "this" or other similarly empty phrases.
```

</figure>

{: .callout .dont }

> **Don't**: write poor quality (non-descriptive) link texts:        

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Don't**: write poor quality (non-descriptive) link text:        
```

If you are interested in our work, [click here](#dummy-link) to subscribe to our newsletter. You can [download](#dummy-link) the manual of the espresso machine, or contact us for more [info](#dummy-link).

{: .callout .do }

> **Do**: write helpful (descriptive) link texts:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Do**: write helpful (descriptive) link text:  
```

> ASCII art is invariably meaningless to screen reader users. Emoticons may occasionally be interpretable, but are confusing and difficult to understand. “Leetspeak” is unpronounceable, and creates difficult in comprehension. Emoji are independently accessible; they do have text alternatives. However, a large number of emoji can make the text effectively impossible to comprehend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ASCII art is invariably meaningless to screen reader users. Emoticons are occasionally interpretable, but are confusing and difficult to understand. “Leetspeak” is unpronounceable, and creates difficulties for comprehension. Emoji are independently accessible; they do have text alternatives. However, a large number of emoji can make the text effectively impossible to comprehend.
```

[I approve this message](#) 👏 .

## Avoid writing links in all caps

Sequences of all capital letters are harder to read for people with dyslexia, screen readers may interpret short capitalized words as abbreviations, and read the words out character by character. This is also true if text is capitalized using CSS.

{: .callout .dont }
**Don't**: use all caps as link text.      
<a href="#">ACT NOW</a>.

{: .callout .do }
**Do**: use sentence case or title case as link text.    
<a href="#">Act now</a> or <a href="#">Act Now</a>.   

## Avoid using complete URLs as link text

Some URLs are highly readable, such as “wordpress.org”. Others are almost impossible to parse as language. In most cases, you should avoid using a URL as the visible link text. If you are explicitly referring to a web address, keep it short: [wordpress.org](https://www.wordpress.org) instead of [https://www.wordpress.org](https://www.wordpress.org).

{: .callout .dont }
**Don't**: use a url as link text:    
We keep track of all the issues in: [https://github.com/wpaccessibility/wp-a11y-docs/issues/85](https://github.com/wpaccessibility/wp-a11y-docs/issues/85).

{: .callout .do }

> **Do**: write a meaningful and readable link text:    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Do**: write meaningful and readable link text:    
```

We keep track of all the issues in: [Content pages: create or review or rewrite](https://github.com/wpaccessibility/wp-a11y-docs/issues/85).

## Avoid the title attribute on links

You should not use the title attribute on links, because the title attribute is only available for sighted users on desktop using a mouse. Other users will miss that information. 

> In addition, screen readers announce the title attribute inconsistently. You must be sure that all users get the information they need and the title attribute doesn’t provide that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, screen readers announce the title attribute inconsistently. You must be sure that all users get the information they need and the title attribute doesn’t provide that certainty.
```

{: .callout .dont }
**Don't**: use a title attribute on links.   
`<a href="some-url" title="download the PDF">manual</a>`    
<a href="#" title="download the PDF">manual</a>

{: .callout .do }

> **Do**: add all into in the link text, so everyone had the dame information and the information is always visible.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Do**: add all info in the link text, so everyone has the same information and it is always visible.  
```
